So far, we focused on the questions of where a robot is with respect to
a map in localization and how to build a map of the environment in mapping in snap.
These are both critical elements for robotic mobility.
Now, we'll turn our attention to decision making aspects of mobile robotics,
path planning and navigation.
Given a map and the goal position,
path planning is the calculation of a path that gets the robot where it needs to go.
Once a path is in place,
the robot must navigate to the goal and may encounter
on-map obstacles along the way that conflict with the planned path.
With real-time sensor readings,
the robot can use obstacle avoidance techniques to modify the original path.
While path planning is a strategic solution to the problem of,
"How do I get there?"
obstacle avoidance is a series of
tactical decisions the robot must take as it moves along its path.
There are multiple approaches for accomplishing both.
In this module, you learn a number of path planning approaches,
both classical and probabilistic.
Practice what you've learned in the lab.
In the final project,
you'll put together robotic algorithm you've learned to program a home service robot.
Your robot will autonomously map an environment and then
navigate through that environment to pick up and drop off virtual objects.